How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    only the changed lines were displayed. - signs indicating deletion, + signs
    indicating insertion.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    when a working functionality gets lost, you can easily browse the change 
    history to discover when and by which modification the bug is first 
    introduced. Also when more than one programmer is working on a 
    certain file, it is possible to see other programmers' modifications and
    make a merge.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    When a commit decision is given by the programmer, the commits are done
    only at meaningful times. And each commit can be annotated by explanatory
    comments and version/release numbers can be assigned. Moreover separate
    branches can be created and maintained. The only thing to mention as a 
    cons is the risk of loosing yet uncommitted code due to some uncontrolled
    situation like lack of attention or power failure etc. 
    Rule of thumb: ONE COMMIT PER LOGICAL CHANGE.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    A logical unit that a programmer works on usually consists of multiple files.
    However the editor of a word document works on a single document file. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log lists the commits including the id and comments. git diff id1 id2 
    displays us the differences between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I know I can rollback to a previous working verison even if I break
    something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Version control of the ReadingRoom project.
